welcome everyone to the weekly ipfs def
sinkhole it's July 29th 2019 and as
every week we first go through the
things that we've done and plan to do
and then we discuss whatever needs to be
discussed I'm the first one on the list
so I start with the stuff that I've done
or I can also paste the group head into
the chat room where we put in the notes
oh and I forgot do we have a note-taker
for the two days probably ok thanks yeah
so I guess there won't be that much to
to write down but I will see ok
so I start with my stuff so I've mostly
done work on the JavaScript side of
things so the big protocol buffer stuff
I didn't release with many breaking
changes and hopefully this will be the
last one for a long time so I think now
the API should be stable and of course
this needs to bubble up into the UNIX
f:s codebase I've also done the changes
there and I haven't pushed PRC yet but
they are on the machine in they work and
during this I ran into issues with NPM
link and everyone who's familiar with
NPM there are sometimes problem with
making stuff and I ran into one of those
issues and I will write a post about it
because it was quite interesting to me
and although they may block us out there
but I think this is kind of a special
case so I put a blog post it's not
published yet and but will be soon and
the finalists the to fix this issue one
solution is to use a project from Google
called connect apps
and the short version is what it does is
it instead of linking it it does an NPM
peg which makes terrible of the of the
dependency and then installs that hard
wall so in the end is like a normal and
pyramid store from the repository and
this way you make sure that all the
dependency deduplication really works
the way it would normally do through an
NPM install it's pretty great
it works well yeah and this fixed my
problem with failing tests on the one
side of things I feel I put a bit of
thought into how we actually bridge data
between the host language which clearly
most most of the time is JavaScript and
Rossum itself and because at the moment
you can only pass on pointers I guess I
will start with passing on Seabourn with
which seems to be a sensible way as most
of the ipod II stuff is based on snip or
anyway um and then on that JavaScript
side you would just see I need to decode
it again on my okay hours there is one
item saying that I work on a rust sea
bore em tag and see boring current
decoder and the goal is truly see how it
has the basic data moment I thought it
looked like in rust I'm sorry we'll work
on this and then this should be been
compiled to blossom as well and then you
should be able to even use the Seabourn
current decoder that was immersion in
JavaScript although I found out this
probably doesn't really make sense and
it won't be faster because you have this
burden off again bridging the bridge
bridging between the bridging between
the was and the javascript is and
passing on data is quite difficult
because you need to create a javascript
object out of it and that's quite
expensive so it probably won't be faster
than what we currently have but it's not
for proof of concept to see if you can
really pass on the full equality model
from and click between JavaScript or
wasn't alright um yeah
that's all I have so updates from other
folks feel free to update the notes
later on if you like so I'm okay so what
and a philosopher yep so I did need to
sorry my links in my document I would
did some work on I think I called bit
sequence which was it's a repo in my
github that just takes a laboratory suit
string of just a byte array and then you
can slice out an arbitrary set of bits
from it and turn that into an integer
it's fun have been indexing at different
widths and so I just wrote it as a
generic tool where you can say here's a
binary he is a bit start and and a bit
length and I want to snip out those bits
and give me an integer based on it and
it it can do even an arbitrary length in
JavaScript which can get kind of
dangerous when you go big but we only
need really up to about 16 byte bits
anyway so it's it's it's not a big deal
so that's working and the whole lot of
tests in there to verify that it's doing
the right thing and then I did a go
version of it and use the same fixtures
so I wrote the JavaScript tests and
output it a fixture file that that had
what it was testing and then I imported
that in to go and then test it so I was
getting the same thing so I should be
able to use this as a reference point
for the hashmap spec to say this is how
you do indexing so that's cool and then
I've been also playing with and we just
know job this one thing about
NPM package data still I'm playing with
this in an ongoing basis have just got
stuff churning away in the background
processing and building data structures
and seeing what they do and I write up
some performance notes in the peel slack
I want to try and formalize how I'm
doing that or they'll semi formalize it
anyway so I can come up with some useful
numbers about how these things perform
and figure out best practice or at least
best practice for this data set anyway
just as a useful reference point for
learning and then the other thing I have
been tinkering with these go I figured
that since I'm using the hashmap stuff
the pant that I should try and do a go
version of the JavaScript one so that
the day and then they can again share
test data so that they verify that it's
working so just getting more comfortable
with go getting more comfortable with
Erics go IPL d-prime so that's an
interesting journey in itself that's
that's me cool thanks Steven did you did
did you do any I told you related things
right
probably same as every week but it's
just watching yeah yeah but good due to
heavy fee you on the call and so least
you are in the loop on what's going on
on our sides yeah do we have anything to
discuss this week because I don't have
anything but yeah right I don't think so
yeah cool anything else if not then
that's a pretty quick meeting
it's 20 minutes of run day yeah cool
then things all for joining I stop the
recording so goodbye everyone
see I